---
layout: piece

title: 'DnD night'

description: 'Malena sits at the table in the kitchen, a dice with twenty sides in her hand'

date: 2020-05-29 01:50:00 +0300
motif: 'scroll_00'

publish: 'yes'
---

Malena sits at the table in the kitchen, a dice with twenty sides in her hand. Platypus lies on their belly in the middle of the table and looks at the dice with curiosity.<br>
«So,» says Malena, «when you need to see what happens, you roll the dice.»<br>
«If the number is high,» she keeps going, «it is likely that what you attempt to do will go well.»<br>
«What if the number is low?» asks Blueberry, who is sitting on a chair.<br>
«If the number is low,» answers Malena, «it is likely that your attempt will go bad.»<br>
«How do we roll the dice?» asks Platypus.

Blueberry jumps on the table.<br>
«I don’t like games with dices,» he says while looking at Malena’s hands, «because I cannot throw them.»<br>
Malena stays absorbed a few moments. «Maybe I have an idea,» she says.<br>
«Look,» she picks a bowl, covers the dice and shakes it.<br>
«Say ‘stop’, Platypus.»<br>
«Stop,» says Platypus.<br>
Malena stops and raise the bowl. The dice is in the middle of the table.

«See?» asks Malena.<br>
Platypus is covering their eyes. Blueberry stretches his snout towards the dice.<br>
«What is the number?» asks Platypus with their eyes still covered.<br>
«Nine,» answers Malena.<br>
«Does something good or bad happen?» asks Blueberry.<br>
Malena smiles. «It depends on what you had to do, and on how difficult that was.»<br>
Platypus puts their paws on the character sheets in front of them.<br>
«Let’s do these!» they say with enthusiasm.
